update sales order agent documentation and solution (#465)
microsoft/Dynamics-365-FastTrack-Implementation-Assets: AI ERP Agents/Sales Order Agent/readme.md

# Table of contents
1. [Use Case](#usecase)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Sales Order Agent Components](#salesorderagent)
4. [Install and configure the Sales Order Agent](#configuration)

<a id="usecase"></a>
# 🧩 Use Case 

> Sales Order Agent is an autonomous agent for processing sales orders received via email attachments, validating customer and product data, and creating orders in Dynamics 365 Finance and Operation system with minimal human intervention. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sales Order Agent is an autonomous agent for processing sales orders received via email attachments, validating customer and product data, and creating orders in Dynamics 365 finance and operation apps with minimal human intervention. 
```

1. Email received with attachments in personal or shared mailbox: ![emailReceivedWithAttachment](images/emailReceivedWithAttachment.png)

2. Each attachment and the extracted data are persisted in Dataverse: ![stagingdocument](images/extractedata.png) 

    ![stagingsalesorderheader](images/stagingsalesorderheader.png)
    

> 3. After validating the customer and products, the sales order gets created in Finance and Operations and a notification is also sent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After validating the customer and products, the sales order gets created in Dynamics 365 and a notification is also sent:
```

 - Sales Order agent solution imported and agent configured as indicated in the next section.
 - System Administrator role for solution import and agent configuration.

<a id ="salesorderagent"></a>
# 🤖 Sales Order Agent Components
The agent orchestrates the entire sales order processing workflow, 
invokes appropriate agent flows based on the staging record processing status, and handles error scenarios and routing.
## Agent Instructions:
![salesordeagentv2](images/salesorderagent.png)

## Triggers:
-	Dataverse trigger for processing status updated
-	Office 365 triggers for new emails into personal and shared mailbox

![salesOrderAgentInstructions1](images/agenttriggers.png)

## Agent flows: 
For implementing deterministic sales order specific validation rules, as well as sales order header and lines creation, several agent flows have been created:

![salesOrderAgentTools](images/salesOrderAgentTools.png)

  - **Parse document** – agent flow which uses AI Builder custom prompt to extract data from email attachment in JSON format.
  - **Validate customer** – agent flow which tries to uniquely identify customer in Finance and Operations using customer name or email.

>   - **Validate products** –  agent flow which tries to uniquely identify the products in Finance and Operations using product codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Validate products** –  agent flow which tries to uniquely identify the products in Dynamics 365 using product codes.
```

  - **Create order** – agent flow which creates the sales orders in Finance and Operations.
  - **Notify** – agent flow which sends emails when the sales orders are processed or need manual review.
  - **LoadSalesOrderData** - flow which splits the extracted JSON into dedicated Dataverse tables.
- **Update Processing Status to Valid** - flow which updates processing status.

## Dataverse tables
![salesOrderAgentTools](images/DataverseApp.png)
  - **Staging Document** – stores email attachments and extracted data. Key columns: 
    - **Extracted Data** - result of extraction in JSON format
    - **Input Document** - document received as email attachment

  - **Staging Sales Order Header** – stores header level data, customer information. Key columns:
    - **Processing Status** - The automatic successful status transition is New -> Valid -> Processed. For failures New -> Manual Review or New -> Valid -> Processing Failed. 

>       - For a manual review scenario, the user can input manually the correct ERP Customer Numbe and ERP Product Codes and set both flags to Valid. When bot Valid Customer and Valid Products are updated to Valid, the processing status is reset to Valid and the agent tries to create the order in Finance and Operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For a manual review scenario, the user can input manually the correct Customer Number and Product Codes and set both flags to Valid. When both Valid Customer and Valid Products are updated to Valid, the processing status is reset to Valid and the agent tries to create the order in Dynamics 365.
```

Author: We need to be specific here as ERP Customer Number and ERP Product Codes are the labels of the fields in the application.
